feat: aggregation mode sdk (#1861)
yetanotherco/aligned_layer: docs/3_guides/9_aligned_cli.md

--network holesky \
--batcher_url wss://batcher.alignedlayer.com
```

---

### **verify-agg-proof**

#### Description:

> Verifies if your proof has been verified by the `ProofAggregationService`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifies if your proof has been verified by the `Aggregation Mode`.
```

Author: Solved in [6753e14](https://github.com/yetanotherco/aligned_layer/pull/1861/commits/6753e14fc67850098ffc6d83cdb528b45aee495a).

#### Command:

> `cargo run verify-agg-proof [OPTIONS] --proving_system <proving_system>`

Reviewer: Remove the `cargo run` to keep consistency

Author: Solved in [f26fc1c](https://github.com/yetanotherco/aligned_layer/pull/1861/commits/f26fc1cb76f35b2585ca192d8a157e7d4d02c6b7).

#### Options:

- `--vk`: Verification key hash file path.
- `--public_input`: Your program committed values file path.
- `--from-block`: From which block to start fetching events. This must no be older than 18 days as blobs will be expired. Defaults to the block corresponding to last 24 hours.
- `--network <working_network_name>`: Network name to interact with.  
  - Default: `devnet`  
  - Possible values: `devnet`, `holesky`, `mainnet`
- `--rpc_url <RPC_provider_url>`: User's Ethereum RPC provider connection address. 
  - Default: `http://localhost:8545`
  - Mainnet: `https://ethereum-rpc.publicnode.com`
  - Holesky: `https://ethereum-holesky-rpc.publicnode.com`
  - Also, you can use your own Ethereum RPC providers.

> - `--beacon_client_url <BEACON_CLIENT_URL>`: User's Ethereum Consensus provider connection address. Public nodes don't support this method.

Reviewer: If it is possible, I'd add a free beacon client

Author: Free beacon client don't support retrieve the blob data. Should I still add one?
